I will, though. Is it okay if you're soft, weak, and pathetic, like so many people, I will fire you so fan. You're not going to have to worry about that. No, I think you're going to do a fantastic job. And everybody in this room, they may not express it, but they all want that to happen. You know, they want to be safe, and they have families too. So it's an honor to have such a large group. I've done this for years now, hard to believe. I've never seen this room so packed. In fact, I'm sure it's a violation of every fire code. But we'll let you stay anyway. You take it a chance. And with that, we'll say, maybe if you could, oh, wow, we could be here all day long. If you could, if we could, if we could keep the first questions, perhaps to this subject, and then we'll go on to a few other questions. Please, Mr. President, thank you so much. Can you talk about how personal of an issue this is? You talked about flying over the Washington Monument, and seeing the pride of what DC is. Do you believe the status of the city, the cleanliness, the way that crime is low? Is there direct reflection on how the country is run? Yes, I do. I think the Capitol, look, everyone comes here. They're all coming. All the leaders, they're all wanting to come. And I say it. I've said it again, but I'm really just quoting other leaders from NATO, from the Middle East, King of Saudi Arabia, Qatar, UAE. I was over there. We brought back $5.1 trillion of investment into our country. But I was a month and a half ago. I was at NATO. I had a great thing. I agreed to put up 5% instead of 2%. 2%. They didn't pay 5%'s already paid. We had a great meeting. And they all said the same thing. They said our country was dead. They thought our country was gone. One year ago, they said your country was dead. And now you have the hottest country anywhere in the world. We do. We have the hottest country in the world right now. The tariffs have helped. It's given us not only the money. It's billions, trillions of dollars of money. But it gives us great power over enemies. We saw five wars with Pakistan and India with, we just solved one. Azerbaijan and, as you know, in Armenia. It was always raging for 37 years. And the two leaders got up and they said, we never thought this would be solved. Russia tried to solve it. They all tried to solve it. It was a very tough situation, but we got it done and got it done. And I said to the two men, I said, are you guys friends on that hard time? They've been killing each other for 37 years, right? One was there five years. One was there for 22 years. He said, my whole life, I've been fighting this war. And you got it. But we did many of those. We did in the Congo and Rwanda. That's been going on for 30 years. Eight to nine million people killed that they know of. But it was raging. And we got that. We got a lot of it. It's a great honor. But you want to have when they come, the leaders come to our country to sign documents that the war is over or whatever, or for other reasons, they come for trade. And you want them to come through so beautifully, you ride down those roads, everything should be perfect. You shouldn't have medians falling down into the roadway, median, you know, the metal things that are always, somebody had a great, a great lobbyist because I've never seen them look good. I've been looking at those things with a little great. They're always broken and bad. But here they're really bad. And we're going to either put new or fix it. And it's not expensive. It's not really expensive. We're going to fix our roads a little bit. We're going to clean up our sidewalks. You have countries where every Saturday, the people go out and they wash their sidewalks in front of their stores and their houses. They scrub, they scrub their sidewalks. So we aren't quite at that level yet. I don't think, Gatti, we're not quite there yet. But maybe we will, they go out and they scrub. I think it's so beautiful to hear that and to see those stories. But we're going to make it clean. But just to finish with your question, it's a very, very strong reflection of our country. And when they see a bad city, you know, my father always used to tell me, and a wonderful father, very smart. And he used to say, son, when you walk into a restaurant and you see a dirty front door, don't go in. Because if the front door is dirty, the kitchen's dirty also. Same thing with the Capitol. If our Capitol's dirty, our whole country is dirty, and they don't respect us. So it's a very good question. Question for you on the specific issue. Do you expect more cities to follow DC's path?